---
title: Writing a new website, again.
datelbl: January 7th, 2025
desc: Why update when you can start from scratch?
author: Lyn
---

This is probably the fourth or fifth time I've tried to rewrite this website.

The first time that I did manage to finish the whole thing, it was basically just to prove to myself that I held baseline competency. 
I wrote a three-page site that had an extended version of my résumé, links to the game jam projects I worked on, and a showcase of my Youtube Videos. Then I never updated it, 
and that's the state it was left in all through college until I got my first job.

Since then I've been trying to start messing with the site to improve it, each time bouncing straight off. I tried centering it on React at some point, before realizing it was a poor fit for such a tiny project. Then Svelte. 
Then a bunch of other stuff. Couldn't quite stick with any of it.

This version of the website uses eleventy. I picked it out from the sea of static site generators because it seemed small and easy. The goal was to be able to make the whole site in one day. 
And if I manage to properly publish this site after I finish writing this page, I will have succeeded.

From there, what will happen? Will this site be left abandoned for another three or four years before I manage to update it? I've failed at writing blogs before. Like anyone who does anything, I have more dropped projects than finished ones.

But I guess, for today, I have a finished website that works.